---
_id: 44a91570-132c-11e7-9548-b1aca5479b65
date_posted: '2017-03-27'
layout: jobs
full_name: Rachelle Fuller
poster_email: jobs@chilantrobbq.com
business_name: Chi'Lantro
business_url: www.chilantrobbq.com/careers
location: '3110 Manor Road, Austin, TX 78723'
title: General Manager
category: management
qualifications: "●\t2-5 years progressive restaurant management experience\r\n●\tHigh School diploma required, Associates Degree or higher preferred\r\n●\tStrong knowledge and experience in restaurant finance management\r\n●\tPrevious demonstrated success in a high growth business\r\n●\tEffective communicator with all levels of staff and customers\r\n●\tProven leader demonstrating accountability and reliability\r\n●\tTexas Food Managers Certification\r\n●\tTABC Certification"
job_type: full_time
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: Please visit our website www.chilantrobbq.com/careers to apply online!
date: '2017-03-27T20:30:51.361Z'
timestamp: 1490646651
postTime: 1490646651361
---
We are currently seeking a rockstar Restaurant General Manager to oversee the day-to-day operations of one of our restaurants. A GM wears many hats and plays many roles in the restaurant and company as a whole.

As a Restaurant General Manager you lead the overall operations of our restaurants, and are fully responsible to ensure the successful execution of daily service that meets and exceeds our company standards, while delivering exemplary customer service, by ensuring only high quality food is prepared in a meticulously clean environment, while sustaining a profitable and efficient establishment.

What we are looking for:

A True People Person
Radiates genuine hospitality and is an ambassador of the company culture. Continuously coaching the team members to go above-and-beyond for guests. Able to creatively motivate the staff to do their jobs exceptionally well, cultivating a positive and inspired restaurant staff.

A Critical Thinker
Troubleshooting capability is a must. Ability to come up with innovative but practical solutions to problems encountered and a proactive approach to anticipate future challenges. Confidence to make decisions based on company goals and standards. Can bring their own professional experiences and ideas to advise on solutions.

A Neat Freak
Cleanliness is a main pillar of our company philosophy. The right candidate can logically correspond a crumb on the counter to the overall financial health of the company. Strict standards and enforcement of practices in this area is crucial.

A Fanatical Foodie
Quality of the food is also of the utmost importance. And an unwavering standard of consistency and excellence is what is expected. A passion for food and beverage is needed to constantly keep the company moving forward.

An Organizational Wizard
Restaurant GMs need to multitask. They oversee many aspects of the restaurant from employees to customer service to facility maintenance to finances. Having the ability to understand what is going on in all areas of the restaurant are key to having an effective GM.

A Clear and Consistent Communicator
Reading, writing and speaking clearly is a must. Communicating store-level and company-wide goals with staff is also key to keep staff on task and motivated to improve. The ability to communicate problems and set standards for staff is a big part of the job.
 
A Business Mind
The restaurant's bottom line is the GM's responsibility. Scheduling, ordering and approving restaurant expenses are all part of the day-to-day duties. The GM is expected to track sales, forecast labor, and purchase accordingly, maximizing financial performance and profit. 
 
Why you should join our team?

What are the perks of joining our awesome team?! We provide our Managers with paid vacation, health benefits, a flexible schedule, a fun work environment, a constantly evolving job, and the opportunity to grow with us! You will be in a salary position where compensation is based on experience.

Our Story

Based in Austin, TX, Chi’Lantro is an award-winning restaurant, mobile food truck and full-service catering company with a passion for creating diverse, Korean BBQ-inspired cuisine.The name “Chi’Lantro” is a combination of the words “kimchi” and “cilantro.” With the vision to inspire the way people eat and think about Korean BBQ, Chi’Lantro’s founder, Jae Kim, started the company as a food truck operation in 2010 with only one employee. The company is known for its signature dish, The Original Kimchi Fries™-- hot french fries with homemade caramelized kimchi, Korean BBQ, topped with fresh cilantro and onion, sesame seeds and drizzled with Magic Sauce. In the last six years, Chi’Lantro has expanded to four brick and mortars across Austin, a full-service catering department and a homemade kimchi facility. For more information, visit www.chilantrobbq.com. Follow on Facebook @ChilantroBBQ, Twitter @ChiLantroBBQ and Instagram @Chilantro.

Disclaimer: If you are having trouble completing the application, please try logging out of Paycom and logging back in on a different web browser. We find that it is easier to complete the application on a PC, but Paycom is mobile compatible!
