---
_id: 2e653fa0-88f2-11e7-bbf9-cbe10932bb1a
date_posted: '2017-08-24'
layout: jobs
full_name: Mary Burroughs
poster_email: mary@tlcaustin.com
business_name: TLC
business_url: www.tlcaustin.com
location: '1100 S. Lamar Ste 1150, Austin, TX 78704'
title: FOH Staff
category: floor
qualifications: TABC and food handlers required.
job_type: full_time
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: "Please apply on Poached:\r\n\r\nhttps://poachedjobs.com/jobs/foh-staff-83/"
date: '2017-08-24T17:32:20.524Z'
---
We are looking for energetic, fun and hard-working people for our new South Austin eatery. Full and part time positions are available for bar, counter and floor. The opening crew will begin group training from mid to late September.

Server - Our counter and floor servers will create a memorable guest experience and maintain customer satisfaction by greeting patrons, inputting and closing out orders in a timely manner, running hot food, having in-depth menu knowledge to answer inquiries as well as recommending items for those who just can't decide which awesome dish to order. If you are an outgoing person who enjoys meeting new people, interacting with guests, and loves to smile, please apply today for the chance to be part of a fun, hard-working team. No experience necessary.

Bartender - Our bartenders will ensure guest satisfaction by anticipating their needs, giving timely service with a smile, and having extensive beer, wine, cocktail and menu knowledge. If you are an outgoing person who enjoys pouring drinks, meeting new people, and loves to smile, please apply today for the chance to be part of a great team just south of the river. Minimum 1 year of bartending experience.

TLC is a new restaurant located on South Lamar serving outrageously good food with a refreshing absence of pretense and posturing. Inspired by iconic Texas beer halls, the indoor-outdoor space allows for counter service and community tables, where you can enjoy a cold beer from one of our 35 taps and Texas staples from Gulf Coast oysters to chicken fried steak, all with an iconic Austin ease.

Make our place, yours.
