---
_id: 2df6fe10-9904-11e7-be3c-b52cab09c6a8
date_posted: '2017-09-13'
layout: jobs
full_name: Robin Sapien
poster_email: robin.sapien@drafthouse.com
business_name: Alamo Drafthouse
business_url: ''
location: '5701 W. Slaughter Lane , Austin, TX 78749'
title: Line Cook
category: boh
qualifications: >-
  Love movies, being surrounded by delicious food, quality spirits, and enjoy
  making people happy,
job_type: full_time
compensation: Starting at $10.50/hr experience based
how_to_apply: "We only accept applications through this website with our e-application system:\r\n\r\nhttps://secure.jobappnetwork.com/apply/c_alamo/l_en/Line-Cook-job-Austin-TX-US-1367748t24.html"
date: '2017-09-14T04:21:29.218Z'
---
The Alamo Drafthouse is hiring at South Lamar! We need a few AWESOME and EXPERIENCED people to join our teams.

Great Pay, Free Movies, Perks + Benefits

Do you a have a passion for delivering world class service and a desire to work in an unconventional environment that rewards excellence? Join the Alamo Drafthouse Family! 

The Alamo Drafthouse is dinner, drinks, movies and events, all under one roof. Our attention to detail in film presentation and programming has made us a second home to movie fans all over the planet and earned accolades from the likes of Entertainment Weekly (#1 theater in America), Wired.com (Coolest Movie Theater in the World) and Fandango.com (One of the Best Theaters in the Country). You can learn more about us here: https://drafthouse.com/austin/about

If you are ready to start the adventure of food and movies and are a team player who is willing to build on the foundation we have laid, please contact us immediately to get the show on the road!

Read more about our positions and fill out an application today:
https://secure.jobappnetwork.com/apply/c_alamo/l_en/Line-Cook-job-Austin-TX-US-1367748t24.html

NEED MORE REASON TO WORK FOR ALAMO DRAFTHOUSE? 
We provide: Flexible Schedule, Paid Time Off, Free Movies, Dynamic Culture, Shift Meals, Insurance (Based on eligibility requirements), Sabbatical Leave, Honeymoon Paid Time Off, New Parent Leave, Fun Atmosphere & MORE!
