---
_id: c81e2870-0d94-11e7-bb12-f52443045558
date_posted: '2017-03-20'
layout: jobs
full_name: Rachelle Fuller
poster_email: jobs@chilantrobbq.com
business_name: Chi'Lantro
business_url: www.chilantrobbq.com/careers
location: 5222 Burnet Road
title: Server
category: floor
qualifications: Food Handler's Certification and TABC
job_type: full_time
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: Please visit our website www.chilantrobbq.com/careers to apply online.
date: '2017-03-20T17:43:52.587Z'
timestamp: 1490031832
index: 1490031832587
---
What You Do.

In this position, you set the tone between our guests and Chi’Lantro by providing a high quality experience in our restaurants. As a key member of our growing company, you will need the ability to quickly refocus among customer interaction, maintaining a clean dining room, and serving high quality food by:

●	Greeting every guest as they enter our restaurant
●	Connecting our brand while taking the guests’ order
●	Delivering the Chi’Lantro experience when serving the food
●	Exceeding the expectations of our customers by seeing the needs of our guests before they do

Ultimately, you will be responsible for sealing the deal by thanking and building a lasting relationship with each and every one of our guests. 

About You!

●	Customer service savvy
●	Service industry experience preferred, but not required
●	High sense of urgency 
●	Detail-oriented 
●	Exceptional communication skills
●	Efficient in a fast paced environment

All candidates will be required to have their Texas Food Handlers Certification and TABC Certification, be authorized to work in the United States, and be 18 years of age or older. 

Chi’Lantro provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants.

Why Chi’Lantro?

●	Tips plus hourly wage
●	Flexible scheduling
●	Fun, friendly, fast-paced work environment
●	Free food and beverage
●	Company team building events
●	Health Benefits Offered

Based in Austin, TX, Chi’Lantro is an award-winning restaurant, mobile food truck and full-service catering company with a passion for creating diverse, Korean BBQ-inspired cuisine.The name “Chi’Lantro” is a combination of the words “kimchi” and “cilantro.” With the vision to inspire the way people eat and think about Korean BBQ, Chi’Lantro’s founder, Jae Kim, started the company as a food truck operation in 2010 with only one employee. The company is known for its signature dish, The Original Kimchi Fries™-- hot french fries with homemade caramelized kimchi, Korean BBQ, topped with fresh cilantro and onion, sesame seeds and drizzled with Magic Sauce. In the last six years, Chi’Lantro has expanded to four brick and mortars across Austin, a full-service catering department and a homemade kimchi facility. For more information, visit www.chilantrobbq.com. Follow on Facebook @ChilantroBBQ, Twitter @ChiLantroBBQ and Instagram @Chilantro.

Disclaimer: If you are having trouble completing the application, please try logging out of Paycom and logging back in on a different web browser. We find that it is easier to complete the application on a PC, but Paycom is mobile compatible!
