---
_id: 2dadc890-be7e-11e7-adcc-4d581267522b
date_posted: '2017-10-31'
layout: jobs
full_name: Jess Hoffmann
poster_email: jhoff@sifted.co
business_name: Sifted
business_url: sifted.co
location: '8423 Research Blvd. Austin, TX'
title: Line Cook
category: floor
qualifications: ServSafe
job_type: full_time
hours: 7am-3pm
start: Immediate
compensation: $14/hr
how_to_apply: >-
  Please send your application to jhoff@sifted.co with the subject "Line Cook -
  Austin"
date: '2017-10-31T20:58:00.495Z'
---
Sifted is hiring a Line Cook in our Austin market who is willing to learn and grow with our company. We provide daily lunch for some of the hottest startups in Austin. We need a Line Cook who can heat up the kitchen, works well in a fast-paced environment, and is responsive to the needs of our clients.

In this role, you will work side by side with an experienced executive chef in our commissary kitchen. If you have a desire to learn, are a dedicated and responsible team player, and are looking to cultivate your skills in the kitchen, we want to meet you! 

What you’ll be doing: 
Cleaning and preparing meats and vegetables
Stewarding, expediting product out of the door
Maintaining clear communication with the executive chef and city manager at all times
Keeping station and work areas clean at all times
Taking ownership of whatever task is at hand
Light cooking with room to grow in the company

Our ideal candidate: 
Has worked in previous kitchen roles such as line cook, prep/dishwasher
Has had experience with catering and event servicing 
Has excellent communication skills
Has a working knowledge of diverse cooking methods, ingredients, and equipment
Is experienced with Google applications (Gmail, Google Drive), Microsoft Office

About Sifted 
The modern tech office is innovative, lean + environmentally conscious. Typical corporate catering is not. Sifted set out to reimagine the office lunch hour, creating a data-driven experience that's designed for destination workplaces. Today, Sifted creates experiential lunch programs for high-growth, culture-centric companies.

Brands who want to treat their staff to chef-made, hand-delivered lunches hire Sifted to provide a daily or weekly lunch in their office. The service is fully-managed and laced with incredible attention to detail. From our professional hosts + account managers to our kitchen ninjas who take care of all dietary needs, Sifted's lunch programs feel like a perk for everyone in the office. 

We have a reputation of feeding software engineers + fast growing teams better than anyone (if you have a team of your own, you know that's a skill). We're partners in helping colossal companies stay tight-knit and startups harness their natural energy.
