---
_id: d7ae9c90-bfda-11e7-9a95-93d98d54c65b
date_posted: '2017-11-02'
layout: jobs
full_name: Drew
poster_email: djones@sushizushi.com
business_name: Sushi Zushi
business_url: www.sushizushi.com
location: 1611 West 5th Street
title: Sushi Chefs
category: boh
qualifications: "Qualifications:\r\n• Minimum of 1 year of kitchen experience\r\n• Flexible to work various shifts and weekends\r\n• Ability to multi-task and work in a fast paced environment\r\n• food handler certified \r\n• Creative, flexible, innovative team player\r\n• Commitment to excellence and high standards\r\n• Ability to stand for an extended period of time"
job_type: full_time
hours: 'Full Time and Part Time, All Shifts'
start: Immediate
compensation: Based on Experience $11.00 - $17.00 plus tip-out from servers
how_to_apply: >-
  Apply Online at our Website SushiZushi.com.  Apply to the 5th Street location
  or give us a call at the store 512-474-7000
date: '2017-11-02T14:33:50.470Z'
---
Looking for some awesome sushi rolling ninjas.  This is a fast paced position that requires speed and grace.  Sushi is about flavor and  presentation.  Candidates must be able to multitask and work in an orderly fashion.  We prefer experienced chefs but candidates must have excellent knife skills.  Sushi knifes require maintenance and are sharp as Katanas.  If you think you can roll with the best, apply online


The following represents the company’s definition of essential functions for this job, but does not restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Management may assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other business reasons.
 
Duties and Responsibilities:
• Follows all opening, maintaining, and closing duties of the sushi bar.
• Provide a high level of attention to guest satisfaction.
• Receive and storage food.
• Prepares high quality sushi and sushi related Japanese dishes.
• Follows all the recipes, portioning and presentation standards for each menu item.
• Follows all the operating standards including food safety and quality.
• Properly display and arrange visual presentation of products in sushi cases.
• Adheres to all local health codes
• Maintain sushi bar work areas, equipment, or utensils in clean and orderly condition.
• Other duties as assigned
