---
_id: 00d68fc0-b93b-11e7-894a-d15bf7809318
date_posted: '2017-10-24'
layout: jobs
full_name: Melissa Carroll
poster_email: Melissa.carroll@lepolitiqueaustin.com
business_name: Le Politique
business_url: 'https://lepolitiqueaustin.com'
location: 110 San Antonio St. Austin TX 78701
title: Pastry Line Cook
category: boh
qualifications: Culinary education and/or professional culinary experience
job_type: full_time
hours: '2:30pm-close'
start: Immediate
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: >-
  For consideration, please email your resume to
  Melissa.carroll@lepolitiqueaustin.com
date: '2017-10-25T04:14:33.061Z'
---
New Waterloo is an Austin-based hospitality and development company. We design, build, and operate spaces that become part of the fabric of our community. Our projects include include Le Politique, South Congress Hotel, Hotel Ella, La Condesa, Sway, Central Standard, Café No Sé, Mañana, Goodall's Kitchen, Pao and the forthcoming Il Brutto, Sway Westlake and Sway Domain. We believe that the best hospitality starts with good people, good service and good products.

We are currently seeking full-time Pastry Line Cooks for Le Politique to fill our PM shift. 

Le Politique is a French brasserie, patisserie and coffee shop. Located in Austin’s Green Water Redevelopment, Le Politique will serves lunch, brunch and dinner in a relaxed yet bustling 9,000-square-foot restaurant that features a spacious indoor dining room, large bar & lounge, and 2,400-square-feet of wraparound patio seating lining the corner of 2nd and San Antonio.

A traditional brasserie, Le Politique offers a menu of classic French fare, including trout amandine, escargot, tarte flambée and an extensive raw bar of oysters, clams and lobster. An adjoining patisserie and coffee shop will feature a selection of housemade pastries and perfectly pulled espresso to-go.

Le Politique and New Waterloo offer all our employees competitive pay, paid time off and generous benefits. New Waterloo is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

For consideration, please submit a resume.
