---
_id: 2c1dc680-d858-11e7-934b-e77cc97348a9
date_posted: '2017-12-03'
layout: jobs
full_name: Chandy Tucker
poster_email: jobs@canerosso.com
business_name: Cane Rosso
business_url: www.canerosso.com
location: '4715 S Lamar Blvd Suite 103, Austin, TX 78745'
title: Dishwasher (Full time)
category: boh
qualifications: "Prefer 1+ years of volume dishwashing experience in a busy restaurant, hotel, casino, or similar atmosphere. Prep cook experience a plus but not required. No experience is required to apply, we’re willing to train the right person.\r\nHigh school diploma or GED preferred.\r\nExcellent critical thinking and time management skills.\r\nAbility to operate industrial machinery and carry loads up to 20 lbs.\r\nWillingness to work in hot, humid environment and on your feet for 8-hour shift.\r\nHighly prefer the ability to work full time restaurant hours, including nights and weekends. However, if you're only looking for part time work, please don't let this keep you from applying!"
job_type: full_time
hours: 'Days and/or Nights, Weekends'
start: ASAP
compensation: $10-12 per hour
how_to_apply: "HOW TO APPLY\r\n\r\nSend your resume to us or go by the restaurant to fill out an application during non-peak business hours. We're located at:\r\n4715 S. Lamar Blvd\r\nSuite 103\r\nSunset Valley, TX 78745."
date: '2017-12-03T18:31:27.101Z'
---
About Our Star Wars Obsessed, Dog Loving Pizza Company - Cane Rosso

Kick ass Neapolitan pizza joint & Italian cuisine restaurant in South Austin, Texas. We have a total of 9 locations across Texas - Houston, TX, Austin, TX, and Dallas/Fort Worth, TX.
We've been featured on Food Network's "Diners, Drive Ins, & Dives", Eater National's "38 Essential Pizzerias in America", and the Daily Meal's "101 Best Pizza Places in America" to name a few.
We've saved over 300 dogs and counting! Check out our passion besides pizza: www.canerossorescue.com
For a look inside Cane Rosso Lamar, watch this short vid: https://youtu.be/KjiixTymwIE
Yes, we love Star Wars. Yes, we have Star Wars paintings everywhere. And murals. And complete restaurant's bathroom's designed in Star Wars. Is this not normal?

Responsibilities and Duties

Operate the restaurant's industrial dishwasher with care and caution.
Wash glassware, dishes, pizza plates, cookware, utensils, and other kitchen or serving items as needed. Wash items by hand when necessary.
Empty and clean all trash cans as needed.
Keep a clean work area and ensure dish storage is properly organized.
Follow state and company required safety and sanitation policies at all times.
Provide assistance to prep cook and other kitchen staff as needed, especially during peak times.
Perform opening, closing and side work as needed and directed.
Report to the back of house Manager/Chef for your weekly schedule and when making schedule requests. Chef will assign your work duties, ensure you receive proper training, and is in charge of all BOH employees.
Clean up spills or broken glassware immediately and notify the manager on duty.
Report any sanitation or safety concerns to management.

Pay and Perks

Competitive hourly pay depending on prior experience. $10 -12 per hour. Pay period is biweekly.
All full time employees and their dependents have the option to enroll in a group medical plan after 90 days of full-time employment.
Casual, fun and upscale work environment.
Free shift meals and 50% discount on food on your days off.
Discounted gourmet ice cream at Cow Tipping Creamery.
We love to promote our own people. We have given tons of kitchen personnel promotions, raises, and new job opportunities. Opportunity for growth is here!
