---
_id: 4108ec10-4d47-11e7-b0a6-b7dd813e9f5a
date_posted: '2017-06-09'
layout: jobs
full_name: Ava Sonleitner
poster_email: ava@tinyboxwoods.com
business_name: Tiny Boxwoods
business_url: www.tinyboxwoods.com
location: '1503 W. 35th Street Austin, TX 78703'
title: Cooks and Dishwashers
category: boh
qualifications: "Qualifications:\r\n-Experience in a fast-paced kitchen is a plus\r\n-Demonstrate the ability to work in a clean and organized setting\r\n-Team player\r\n-Polite and friendly"
job_type: full_time
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: >-
  HOW TO APPLY: To be considered please complete an application for the AUSTIN
  location on our website www.tinyboxwoods.com/join-our-team/
date: '2017-06-09T19:10:09.136Z'
---
Join our opening team in Austin! Full time/Part time available
    
We are looking for talented culinary staff to join our opening team at Tiny Boxwoods Austin. The Austin store will sit at Kerbey Lane and 35th Street nestled next to Kerbey Lane Village and the charming Bryker Woods neighborhood. Just like Tiny Boxwoods in Houston, Tinys Austin will overlook a sprawling lawn pad and patio and will serve breakfast, lunch, dinner and brunch on the weekends. There will also be a private event space with its own small kitchen that will serve up to 30 guests.
 
Currently we are hiring for the following part time and full time positions:
- Line Cooks
- Prep Cooks
- Pastry Cooks
-Dish Washers 
 
We are looking for candidates who are eager for a challenge to be a part of our newest project in Austin. Combining the heart and soul of from scratch cooking and being in a kitchen where technique and execution are key makes this a one of a kind job opportunity. We have built our brand-new kitchen to be a place that our cooks want to come to every day to work. We want it to inspire them! Our chefs cook all our meats and fishes in our 800-degree wood burning oven. An in-house bakery home to our chocolate chip cookie, homemade jams, house pickles, aioli from scratch are just a few of the items we hang our hat on when it comes to our Chef driven culture. We're all about quality and it shows in our hands-on approach.
 
Our managers are focused on setting our staff up for success and continuing to build on our positive work environment. Our restaurants are a home away from home and we are so much more than just a dining establishment. We're looking for the best who want to grow with the company. We look forward in meeting you!

Benefits:
-We offer medical, vision and dental benefits to eligible full time employees
-Competitive wages
