---
_id: 5919e350-0d90-11e7-bb12-f52443045558
date_posted: '2017-03-20'
layout: jobs
full_name: Rachelle Fuller
poster_email: jobs@chilantrobbq.com
business_name: Chi'Lantro
business_url: www.chilantrobbq.com/careers
location: '1509 South Lamar Blvd., Austin, TX 78704'
title: Line Cook
category: boh
qualifications: Food Handlers Certification
job_type: part_time
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: Please visit www.chilantrobbq.com/careers to apply online.
date: '2017-03-20T17:12:08.303Z'
timestamp: 1490029928
index: 1490029928303
---
What You Do.

In this position, you fulfill our guests’ inspiration by working as a team member to produce high quality food that exceeds their expectations. Your dedication to creating Korean BBQ inspired dishes will play an integral role in providing great customer service while still adhering to high food safety standards. Some things you will do:

●	Maintain an extremely detailed level of cleanliness in your kitchen
●	Prepare ingredients according to restaurant recipes
●	Assembling menu items according to specifications of the company and the guest
●	Assuming responsibly of the quality and presentation of each and every item served

About You!

●	Ability to use your hands to chop, prep, hold and grab small and large items
●	Comfortable and capable of working closely alongside other team members
●	Strong team player with the ability to develop positive relationships
●	Excellent communication skills in the work environment
●	Ability to lift a minimum of 30 lbs
●	Knowledge of FIFO and food safety standards a plus but not required
●	Food Handler Certification required

All candidates will be required to have their Texas Food Handlers Certification, be authorized to work in the United States, and be 18 years of age or older. 

Chi’Lantro provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants.

Why Chi’Lantro?

●	Tips plus hourly wage
●	Flexible scheduling
●	Fun, friendly, fast-paced work environment
●	Free food and beverage
●	Company team building events
●	Health Benefits Offered

Based in Austin, TX, Chi’Lantro is an award-winning restaurant, mobile food truck and full-service catering company with a passion for creating diverse, Korean BBQ-inspired cuisine.The name “Chi’Lantro” is a combination of the words “kimchi” and “cilantro.” With the vision to inspire the way people eat and think about Korean BBQ, Chi’Lantro’s founder, Jae Kim, started the company as a food truck operation in 2010 with only one employee. The company is known for its signature dish, The Original Kimchi Fries™-- hot french fries with homemade caramelized kimchi, Korean BBQ, topped with fresh cilantro and onion, sesame seeds and drizzled with Magic Sauce. In the last six years, Chi’Lantro has expanded to four brick and mortars across Austin, a full-service catering department and a homemade kimchi facility. For more information, visit www.chilantrobbq.com. Follow on Facebook @ChilantroBBQ, Twitter @ChiLantroBBQ and Instagram @Chilantro.

Disclaimer: If you are having trouble completing the application, please try logging out of Paycom and logging back in on a different web browser. We find that it is easier to complete the application on a PC, but Paycom is mobile compatible!
