---
_id: 7577d480-b04c-11e7-a288-11368df4174b
date_posted: '2017-10-13'
layout: jobs
full_name: People
poster_email: people@chilantrobbq.com
business_name: Chi'Lantro
business_url: www.chilantrobbq.com
location: 5222 Burnet Rd.
title: Server
category: floor
qualifications: Food Handlers Certification and TABC within 30 days of hire.
job_type: full_time
hours: '10:30am-10:00pm'
start: Imme
compensation: Hourly plus tips
how_to_apply: "Please apply here:\r\n\r\nhttps://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/index.php?/job/apply&clientkey=8A2A8E0F7D23572D2D94F6E109B895A0&job=15731&jpt=\r\n\r\nOr send your resume to people@chilantrobbq.com"
date: '2017-10-13T19:26:49.745Z'
---
What You Do.
In this position, you set the tone between our guests and Chi’Lantro by providing a high quality experience in our restaurants. As a key member of our growing company, you will need the ability to quickly refocus among customer interaction, maintaining a clean dining room, and serving high quality food by:
Greeting every guest as they enter our restaurant
Connecting our brand while taking the guests’ order
Delivering the Chi’Lantro experience when serving the food
Exceeding the expectations of our customers by seeing the needs of our guests before they do
Ultimately, you will be responsible for sealing the deal by thanking and building a lasting relationship with each and every one of our guests. 

About You!
Customer service savvy
Service industry experience preferred, but not required
High sense of urgency 
Detail-oriented 
Exceptional communication skills
Efficient in a fast paced environment
All candidates will be required to have their Texas Food Handlers Certification and TABC Certification, be authorized to work in the United States, and be 18 years of age or older. 
Chi’Lantro provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants.
Why Chi’Lantro?
Tips plus hourly wage
Flexible scheduling
Fun, friendly, fast-paced work environment
Free food and beverage
Company team building events
Health Benefits Offered
Based in Austin, TX, Chi’Lantro is an award-winning restaurant, mobile food truck and full-service catering company with a passion for creating diverse, Korean BBQ-inspired cuisine.The name “Chi’Lantro” is a combination of the words “kimchi” and “cilantro.” With the vision to inspire the way people eat and think about Korean BBQ, Chi’Lantro’s founder, Jae Kim, started the company as a food truck operation in 2010 with only one employee. The company is known for its signature dish, The Original Kimchi Fries™-- hot french fries with homemade caramelized kimchi, Korean BBQ, topped with fresh cilantro and onion, sesame seeds and drizzled with Magic Sauce. In the last six years, Chi’Lantro has expanded to four brick and mortars across Austin, a full-service catering department and a homemade kimchi facility. For more information, visit www.chilantrobbq.com. Follow on Facebook @ChilantroBBQ, Twitter @ChiLantroBBQ and Instagram @Chilantro.
