---
_id: e39f89e0-b8e3-11e7-894a-d15bf7809318
date_posted: '2017-10-24'
layout: jobs
full_name: Quirino Silva
poster_email: q@flyritechicken.com
business_name: Flyrite Chicken
business_url: www.flyritechicken.com
location: '6539 Burnet Rd, Austin, TX, 78757'
title: Supervisor
category: management
qualifications: "Job Requirements:\r\n\r\n• Minimum of 2 years restaurant experience, including FOH and BOH experience.\r\n\r\n• Experience in a leadership position (e.g. shift leader, supervisor, manager).\r\n\r\n• Flexible schedule, including nights, weekends, and some holidays.\r\n\r\n• Reliable transportation and mobile phone communications.\r\n\r\n• Professional attitude and demeanor.\r\n\r\n• Excellent customer service skills.\r\n\r\n• Proficiency with Microsoft Office, Gmail, and basic computer skills.\r\n\r\n• Ability to adhere to a daily routine, but also able to adapt to a new situation. An ability to think on your feet and motivate staff to adjust to new and changing situations."
job_type: full_time
hours: 'All shifts available, must be able to work nights, weekends and holidays.'
start: ASAP
compensation: >-
  Supervisors start at $12/hr, plus meals and monthly mobile phone stipend.
  Assistant Managers and General Managers $12+/hourly
how_to_apply: "Send resume to q@flyritechicken.com,\r\n\r\n or apply online at http://recruiting.talentreef.com/flyrite"
date: '2017-10-24T17:50:57.889Z'
---
Flyrite is a fast-growing, local company dedicated to cleaning up what is dirty about today's quick-service restaurants. Originally, drive-thru restaurants offered a convenient and wholesome dining experience, but over time the incentive to maximize profits created a race to the bottom, in terms of quality ingredients and poor customer service. 

We are looking to hire Supervisors with the potential for Assistant Manager and General Manager opportunities.

At Flyrite we are dedicated to bringing back traditional cooking to drive-thru service. We make all of our sauces, salads, sides, and wraps fresh daily from scratch.
We only use ingredients that do NOT have:
• High-fructose corn syrup (HFCS)
• Monosodium glutamate (MSG)
• Bleached flour
• Trans-fats (hydrogenated oils)
• Artificial colors or preservatives
• Supplemental hormones in the chicken
• Antibiotics in the chicken

Elevated customer service and an authentic experience are also at the heart of Flyrite. We want our guests to feel comfortable asking questions and providing feedback. We don't use a script to tell our staff how to speak to a guest, but we always require that staff use Please and Thank You when interacting with guests. We want to the staff to speak to a guest in the same way they would speak to a grandparent. Lovingly, respectful and relaxed.

Flyrite is committed to changing the availability of fresh, clean foods in the drive-thru market and the community as a whole. We have partnered with AISD to support school kids' lunches by creating Flyrite School Lunch Fund. Guests can use their Fivestars Loyalty points to make a donation to the fund, and they can also make a cash donation at the time of purchase of any Flyrite product at either location. Flyrite has also offered a 10% discount to all AISD employees everyday and a 50% discount to that same group on Tuesdays. In addition we offer a 20% discount for Caterings at any AISD professional development event.
