---
_id: 90a0a6b0-d388-11e7-8f9d-47e7ef988015
date_posted: '2017-11-27'
layout: verslag
full_name: Brian Felicella
poster_email: chefbrian@colleensaustin.com
business_name: Colleen's Kitchen
business_url: www.colleensaustin.com
location: '1911 Aldrich Suite 100, Austin Texas 78723'
title: Cooks
category: boh
qualifications: experience in a scratch kitten a plus.
job_type: full_time
hours: 6am - midnight
start: December 15 2017
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: "Please apply on poached via the link below.\r\n\r\nhttps://poachedjobs.com/jobs/now-hiring-all-boh-positions-9"
date: '2017-11-27T15:35:15.820Z'
timestamp: 1511796915
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
draft: true
---
Full-Time and Part-Time BOH Positions
Colleen’s Kitchen is Mueller’s newest neighborhood go-to spot, locally owned and operated by restaurateurs who believe every day deserves celebration. Serving up southern-inspired family classics, food at its uncomplicated best. With a semi-open kitchen and small family feel we are looking for cooks who want to grow and learn as part of our family. All pastries will be made in house and every cook will have the opportunity to learn more along the way.

CURRENTLY ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR:
• Dishwasher (AM/PM)
• Prep Cook (AM or PM)
• Line Cook (AM/PM)
• Lead Line Cooks (AM/PM) 2-3 years experience required

COLLEEN'S KITCHEN CORE VALUES: 
• COMMITMENT - Anything worth doing is worth doing well. We’re committed to quality at every turn and to delivering an excellent experience, we’re committed to each other and our guests. 
• COMMUNICATION - Silence is not golden in our business. Clear communication is critical everywhere - in the kitchen, as we greet and serve our guests, with each other and with our vendors. 
• FAMILY - Our quirkiness is inspired by family, we treat our guests and each other like family, and our Southern-inspired food is fresh, uncomplicated and make you feel at home. 
• CREATIVITY - It’s the little things that make ordinary extraordinary. Creative touches can be seen in everything we do from our recipes to our decor, in the way we meet guests’ needs and exceed their expectations, and in the way we approach any problem or challenge. 
• OPENNESS - We are open to new ideas, to sharing what we know, to inviting our guests into our dining room as if they’re guests to our home. 
• AWARENESS - There’s attention to detail in everything we do. By staying aware of our surroundings, our purpose, our guests’ needs, our perception and how other perceive us, we can keep surprises at a minimum and maximize our success. 
• APPRECIATION - We’re fortunate to be sharing our lives and our passion with each other; we appreciate our guests’ choosing to share their time and money with us and we let it show.  

COMPENSATION/BENEFITS: Colleen’s Kitchen offers competitive wages, possibility for advancement, a constructive learning environment, and a working environment that fosters individuality and creativity.
