---
_id: f40f0490-b9ba-11e7-ae17-3908238d05e5
date_posted: '2017-10-25'
layout: jobs
full_name: Charity Sadoy
poster_email: charity.sadoy@ilbruttoaustin.com
business_name: La Matta
business_url: ''
location: '501 Comal Street, Austin, TX 78702'
title: Line and Prep Cooks
category: boh
qualifications: Current Food Handlers and TABC.
job_type: full_time
hours: AM and PM shifts available
start: 11/6/17
compensation: '$9 - $12/hr plus tips, based on experience'
how_to_apply: >-
  For consideration, please submit a resume and cover letter to
  jobs@lamattaaustin.com
date: '2017-10-25T19:30:27.443Z'
timestamp: 1508959827
---
We are currently seeking cashiers, floor staff, line cooks and prep cooks for a counter service setting. We're looking for warm, genuine and team oriented individuals to provide our guests with an authentic and memorable Austin experience. 

Opening Fall of 2017, La Matta is an Italian sandwich, salad and mozzarella shop in East Austin. Located at the corner of 5th & Comal, the cozy corner shop will offer Italian paninis, salads, mozzarella & salumi boards, and beer & wine on tap. The space will feature patio seating, a large screen for optimal soccer viewing, and a flexible configuration for private events. La Matta will also offer take-away and catering services. 

New Waterloo is an Austin-based hospitality and development company. We design, build, and operate spaces that become part of the fabric of our community. Our projects include South Congress Hotel, Hotel Ella, La Condesa, Sway, Central Standard, Café No Sé, Mañana, Goodall's Kitchen, Pao, Le Politique and the forthcoming La Matta, Il Brutto, Sway Westlake and Sway Domain. We believe that the best hospitality starts with good people, good service and good products.

La Matta and New Waterloo offer all our employees competitive pay, paid time off and generous benefits. New Waterloo is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
