---
_id: ab379800-2e0d-11e8-a67d-bb93e6150b56
date_posted: '2018-03-22'
layout: post
layoutt: jobs
full_name: Sarah Favela
poster_email: hr@thewholeenchiladallc.com
business_name: 34th Street Cafe
business_url: 'http://www.34thstreetcafe.com/'
location: 1005 W. 34th St. Austin TX 78705
title: Line Cook
category: boh
qualifications: "Valid Food Handler Certification\r\n6 months to 1 year of full service, fast paced restaurant experience preferred\r\nCulinary school is a plus"
job_type: full_time
hours: '4 -10 5 to 6 shifts available, Sundays Closed'
start: Immediate
compensation: $10 - $14 DOE
how_to_apply: Email updated resume to hr@thewholeenchiladallc.com
date: '2018-03-22T20:14:48.117Z'
message: ' '
---
For over 20 years, 34th Street Cafe has managed to compete with Austin’s culinary titans and stay on top! We owe it all to our award-winning food, eagerness to please, our focus on providing a warm "Make yourself at Home" Austin feel, and great leadership. Under the guidance our fearless leader, Chef Paul Petersen, our menu is carefully prepared with only fresh ingredients in a scratch kitchen! Whether he's roasting a whole pig or carefully preparing the tastiest Seared Texas Redfish you will ever come across, Chef Paul is a Culinary Rock Star. 

We are looking to add a PM Line Cook to help him continue to create one of a kind dining experiences. We need food driven, reliable, creative types dedicated to being the best. If this is you, we want to meet you!! 

Some duties include but are not limited to: 
*Creating an exceptional culinary experience for our guests through the preparation and presentation of our menu by recipe and to specification. 
*Responsible for the correct handling and preparation of all food items to ensure our guests' safety at all times. 
*Ensure all product is stored properly in correct locations at the appropriate levels at all times. *Adheres to all company safety and sanitation policies and procedures. 
*Maintains cleanliness and sanitation of all kitchen areas. 
*Assists other Team Members as needed or when business needs dictate. 

Why work for 34th Street Café: 
*The opportunity for growth within the restaurant group. Have fun, learn a thing or two, and grow with the company! 
*Manageable hours, conducive to a busy lifestyle. Closed on select Holidays. No late nights. Work up to 5 shifts a week. (Primarily evenings 4 pm – 10 pm, closed on Sunday) 
*Free parking and a convenient central location 
*A fun, professional, and friendly work environment 
*Minimum Essential Coverage (MEC) insurance after 60 days 
*Great dining perks at 34th Street Cafe as well as at all 3 of our sister restaurants: Santa Rita, Gusto, & Blue Star 

Must be able to lift over 30 lbs and must have a valid Food Handler’s Certification. 

The Whole Enchilada Restaurant Group and all related entities consider applicant for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age (40 and over), disability, or any other basis prohibited by state or federal laws. Employment with The Whole Enchilada Group and/or its related entities is at will.
