---
_id: d62ff260-2420-11e8-8f62-99e42cdc233b
date_posted: '2018-03-09'
layout: jobs
layoutt: jobs
full_name: Brad Alsheskie
poster_email: leaguebelterra@leaguekitchen.com
business_name: The League Kitchen & Tavern
business_url: LeagueKitchen.com
location: '166 Hargraves Drive, Suite B300, Austin, TX. 78737'
title: All Positions FOH & BOH
category: floor
qualifications: "TABC Certification\r\nFood Handlers Certification"
job_type: full_time
hours: 'Lunch, Dinner and Brunch shifts available.'
start: >-
  The League Kitchen and Tavern is slated for a late March/early April opening
  but we are accepting applications and interviewing applicants NOW
compensation: 500-1500 a week
how_to_apply: >-
  Please email resume and cover letter to leaguebelterra@leaguekitchen.com.
  Please include contact information.
date: '2018-03-10T05:06:48.992Z'
---
We are seeking fun, intelligent, outgoing, and high energy individuals to join our growing team. We are now hiring full-time and part-time team members. This is an entry level opportunity with no previous experience required! All you need is the motivation to learn and grow in a professional, high volume, team-oriented environment! We will provide you with all the tools necessary for with hands-on training, ongoing development, and a structured path to grow your career.

Job Responsibilities
Have fun and work hard! As a League employee, you will learn as you grow – training on every aspect of the operation and progressing in responsibility and pay.  You will acquire various certifications along the way and will gain skills and experience to help you contribute to your success and ours. Get on the fast track to become a League Trainer, Opening Team Trainer, Shift Manager, and Manager at a pace that YOU have the opportunity to drive!
Other responsibilities of the Team Member position include:
Cooking, cleaning, prepping and caring for our guests!
Reaching for new challenges and asking for additional responsibility
Balancing high volume with high quality
Participating in ongoing training and development
Must have an eagerness to take advantage of new opportunities
Learning different skills and responsibilities of all League positions 
Cross training and cross utilizing skills

Job Requirements
In the Team Member role, you must be eager to learn and grow in a fast-paced, high volume, and team-oriented atmosphere. We are seeking warm, friendly, and highly motivated candidates to be future League Kitchen leaders in a hospitality-driven, fun, and team-oriented environment.
Other requirements include:
Previous hospitality and/or food service experience, a plus – we’ll teach you the rest!
Ability to learn quickly in fast-paced, high volume environment
Self-motivated achiever interested in taking on additional roles and responsibilities
Open availability and flexibility is a must – ability to work a variety of shifts
Must be dedicated to excellence and hospitality
 
About Us
The League is Comfort foods with a sophisticated twist meet a prolific list of craft beers, carefully selected wines and handmade cocktails in an elegant, speakeasy-inspired setting. 	

The League name comes from the groups & societies of the early 20th century; promoting camaraderie, nationalism, and social pride.
