---
_id: 5c27e0b0-2d24-11e8-9f0c-3b52df5f76db
date_posted: '2018-03-21'
layout: jobs
layoutt: jobs
full_name: Sarah Favela
poster_email: hr@thewholeenchiladallc.com
business_name: Gusto Italian Kitchen + Wine Bar
business_url: 'http://www.gustoitaliankitchen.com/'
location: '4800 Burnet Road Austin, TX 78756'
title: Professional Servers
category: floor
qualifications: "Food Handler and TABC Certifications\r\nMust have prior restaurant experience"
job_type: full_time
hours: Vary
start: Immediate
compensation: $2.13 + tips
how_to_apply: >-
  please apply by email to hr@thewholeenchiladallc.com, please be sure to
  include an up to date resume as well as "Gusto Server Applicant" in the
  subject line. You may also come in to fill out an application between 2pm and
  4pm in the afternoon Monday through Friday.
date: '2018-03-21T16:24:42.732Z'
---
Gusto Italian Kitchen + Wine Bar, a neighborhood full service restaurant in north central Austin, is hiring for a part and full time server to join the team. Our strong base of neighborhood regulars are warm, professional people who appreciate our quality service and tip well accordingly. We offer paid training and meal discounts at Gusto as well as at all of our sister restaurants.

At Gusto we use fresh pasta, hand-tossed pizzas to order, scratch desserts, Texas farm raised meats, and local, seasonal vegetables. We offer competitive pay, shift meals, and a positive team working environment. We are focused on providing a quality experience for our guests and take our work seriously. Now in it's 6th year, Gusto has proven to be a staple of the Rosedale neighborhood and Austin at large. We regularly cater events all over town for groups such as Austin Chamber Music, Culturati, the LBJ Presidential Library, host wine and chef tasting dinners here at the restaurant, and run chalkboard specials inspired by the season every day of the week.

If you are a friendly, professional, customer service oriented person who is passionate about food, wine, and craft cocktails, then please apply by responding to this email with a resume. You may also come in to fill out an application between 2pm and 4pm in the afternoon Monday through Friday.

Learn more about Gusto by going to www.gustoitaliankitchen.com.

Server - Part or full time. Must have previous restaurant experience. Open availability preferred although we will attempt to work with schedule constraints with qualified applicants. Must work a minimum of 3 shifts per week. $2.13 per hour plus tips. Apply
