---
_id: a09b35e0-31dd-11e8-b550-57f455fb2a5a
date_posted: '2018-03-27'
layout: jobs
layoutt: jobs
full_name: LisaMarie Pinder
poster_email: moonenvy@hotmail.com
business_name: South Austin Bar
business_url: ''
location: '78704'
title: Bar Manager
category: bar
qualifications: '3+ years in bar and/or restaurant management, TABC, FOOD HANDLERS'
job_type: full_time
hours: 'Open to 2am, varied hours.  40 hours a week.'
start: ASAP
compensation: ''
how_to_apply: Please email resume to moonenvy@hotmail.com.
date: '2018-03-27T16:40:59.141Z'
---
Established South Austin Bar looking for Energetic Bar Manager
We are looking for an energetic and responsible Bar Manager for an established bar in South Austin. This position is to ensure that the bar is operating at maximum efficiency while guiding our staff, planning and executing events, and providing the highest level of guest satisfaction. 

TASKS & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
- Planning, executing, and promoting events to increase overall revenue for the bar 
- General ordering/receiving of alcoholic products and bar supplies 
- Mentoring current employees to help them reach their maximum potential, prevent over-pouring, teach consistency in cocktails, and ensuring that our staff serve responsibly.
 - Assist in identifying, interviewing, and selecting the necessary staff for our team. 
- Performing general maintenance needs and keeping equipment in good repair. 
- Working closely with vendors/beer/liquor reps 
- Inventory of products and maintaining F&B financials to ensure revenue and profits are achieved 
- Handling guest concerns and creating relationships with our guests and community members 
- Monitor proper ringing of products and maintain POS system 
- Product and menu development, from seasonal cocktails to craft beer 
- Establish service and quality standards for the team and make sure the staff are meeting those standards 
- Monitor general cleanliness and hygiene of the bar 
- Ensure we are in compliance with fire, health, safety, and health department standards and regulations 
- Cultivating and creating a fun atmosphere and vibe in the bar, from temperature to music levels 

EXPERIENCE & SKILLS: 
- Proficiency in Point of Sale Systems, Aloha a plus
- Strong organizational skills 
- Effective communicator, verbally and email 
- Acute attention to detail 
- Strong time management and prioritization skills 
- Maintenance and handyman skills 
- Craft Beer and cocktail knowledge 
- Knowledge of human resource management practices 
- 3+ years in bar and/or restaurant management 
- Proficient with email, google drive, word, and excel

 COMPENSATION: 
Weekly salary and 2-3 bartending shifts, plus bonuses based on monthly sales to start. Could move into full-time salary and monthly bonuses. Opportunities to move up in the company at other locations.
